A supplementary GUI for the paper titled 'Spinal cord re-treatments using photon and proton based radiotherapy: LQ - derived tolerances doses'.



BED CALCULATOR

For details behind the calculator's operation and usage please see:

Changes in the retreatment radiation tolerance of the spinal cord with time after the initial treatment. T. E. Woolley, J. Belmonte-Beitia, G. F. Calvo, J. W. Hopewell, E. A. Gaffney and B. Jones. Int J Radiai Biol xx, xxx-xxx, 2108

Spinal cord re-treatments using photon and proton based radiotherapy: LQ-derived tolerance doses. B .Jones, J .W . Hopewell Euro J Medical Phys



TERMS AND CONDITIONS

By accessing and using the GUI you accept the following conditions:

Any clinical decisions taken following the use of the GUI must be the responsibility of the local clinical specialists of the user.

The GUI must be used in conjunction with the advice in the original published papers.



Previous GUI Versions (Original GUI)

Updated versions of the original GUI will also been made available using the following supplementary link,

http://thomaswoolley.co.uk/codes



Current GUI Versions

Updated versions of the current GUI will also been made available using the following supplementary link,

https://github.com/joshwillmoore1/BED-Calculator

Any computational issues related to the use of the GUI can be reported on the appropriate GitHub page under "issues". Note Thomas E. Woolley and Joshua W. Moore are mathematicians and are unable to supply any help on any particular medical application. These should be directed to the local clinical specialist of the user.



GETTING STARTED (Windows OS - not yet tested on Linux or Mac OS)

1. Identify whether your Windows System architecture is 32 or 64 bit.
2. Download the zip file which contains the GUI.
3. Check if you have Java installed on the computer - this can be done by opening the console (Windows+R then type cmd) or the equivalent for your operating system. In the console type "java -version" and press enter. If java is installed a version number will be displayed, if not then download the environment from this link - https://java.com/en/download/manual.jsp.
4. Once the Java environment is installed on your computer, extract the contents of the zip file to a location of your choice.
5. The extracted file contains the GUI application, double-click to start.
6. If subscript symbols are not showing, open the font folder provided. Double-click the font file and install the font. Now the sysmbols should appear.

KNOWN ISSUES 

No known issues to date.
